#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.2.4
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1 ; python_version < "3.9"
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
clickhouse-connect==0.5.25
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
coverage[toml]==7.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
deepdiff==8.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
dill==0.3.8
    # via pylint
django==4.2.15
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-mysql
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-organizations
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-filters
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-model-utils==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-organizations
django-mysql==4.14.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-organizations
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-organizations
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-django-utils==5.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-drf-extensions==8.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-organizations
edx-lint==5.3.7
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-organizations
edx-organizations==6.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
eox-tenant==10.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
flake8==7.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   flake8-quotes
flake8-quotes==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwkest
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
lz4==4.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   clickhouse-connect
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mypy==1.11.2
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via mypy
newrelic==9.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
numpy==1.24.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
openedx-filters==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
orderly-set==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   deepdiff
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-organizations
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via pylint
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pylint==3.2.6
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   clickhouse-connect
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   pyjwkest
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-lint
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via pydocstyle
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   mypy
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via pylint
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   mypy
    #   pylint
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   requests
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   clickhouse-connect

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
