#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1 ; python_version < "3.9"
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   clickhouse-connect
click==8.1.7
    # via code-annotations
clickhouse-connect==0.5.25
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
coverage[toml]==7.6.1
    # via pytest-cov
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
deepdiff==8.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-mysql
    #   djangorestframework
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-filters
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-filter==23.5
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-mysql==4.14.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via pymongo
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.11.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
eox-tenant==10.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via pytest
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via code-annotations
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
lz4==4.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   clickhouse-connect
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
numpy==1.24.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
openedx-filters==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
orderly-set==5.2.2
    # via deepdiff
packaging==24.2
    # via pytest
pbr==6.1.0
    # via stevedore
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pymongo==4.10.1
    # via edx-opaque-keys
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   clickhouse-connect
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via code-annotations
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.3.0
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==2.0.2
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   edx-opaque-keys
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   clickhouse-connect
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   clickhouse-connect
